Make the readme instructions more explicit and add openresty instructions (#148)
DataDog/nginx-datadog: README.md

For enhanced usability, we provide a [GNU make][1] compatible [Makefile](Makefile).

The nginx-datadog module **depends on two git submodules**:
  - [libddwaf](https://github.com/DataDog/libddwaf)
  - [dd-trace-cpp](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-cpp)

Building the module with any of the below commands will init and update them. Otherwise you can do it yourself with:
```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

The easiest way to build the project is through [Docker][2].

Build module using Docker
---------------
### Linux, MacOS AMD64
```shell

> NGINX_VERSION=1.25.2 make build-musl

Reviewer: I suspect this is incorrect for macOS. Can you check if this command really builds a macOS-compatible binary?

Author: If i launch this command:
NGINX_VERSION=1.25.2 ARCH=x86_64 make build-and-test (which will use build_musl). It will work for the build version (Mac ARM can simulate amd64). Notes that it would not be necessary to specify the arch on mac AMD64. However, during tests, one is failing and one crashes (which is RUM and that is weird because I did not enable it)

Author: You are right, it does not build a macOS-compatible binary

```

### MacOS with Apple Silicon
```shell
NGINX_VERSION=1.25.2 ARCH=aarch64 make build-musl
```
The resulting nginx module is `.musl-build\ngx_http_datadog_module.so`

> The `build-musl` target builds against musl and libc++ a glibc-compatible
> module. The Dockerfile for the docker image used in the process can be found in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `build-musl` target builds against [musl](https://www.musl-libc.org/) to guarantee portability. The Dockerfile for the docker image used in the process can be found in
```

[build_env/Dockerfile](./build_env/Dockerfile).

### AppSec-supporting module

You can set the environment variable `WAF` to `ON` to build an AppSec-supporting
module:

```shell
WAF=ON NGINX_VERSION=1.25.2 make build-musl
```

## Build OpenResty compatible module using Docker

### Linux, MacOS AMD64
```shell
RESTY_VERSION=1.27.1.1 make build-openresty

> ```

Reviewer: ditto

### MacOS with Apple Silicon
```shell
RESTY_VERSION=1.27.1.1 ARCH=aarch64 make build-openresty
```

The resulting nginx module is `.openresty-build/ngx\_http\_datadog\_module.so`

Build in Local Environment
--------------------------
```shell
NGINX_VERSION=1.25.2 make build
```

> The resulting nginx module is `.build/ngx\_http\_datadog\_module.so`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting nginx module is `.build/ngx_http_datadog_module.so`.
```

If you encounter some **difficulties** building the module on **MacOS**, please look at the **troubleshooting section**.

The `build` target does the following:

> - Download a source release of nginx based on the `NGINX\_VERSION` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download a source release of nginx based on the `NGINX_VERSION` environment variable.
```

- Initialize the source tree of `dd-trace-cpp` as a git submodule.
- Initialize the source tree of `libddwaf`as a git submodule.
- Build `dd-trace-cpp` and the Datadog nginx module together using
  CMake.

`make clean` deletes CMake's build directory. `make clobber` deletes
everything done by the build.

Testing
-------

The makefile contains two target for testing:
- build-and-test: builds and use the resultant module for testing
- test: use the existing built module for testing

To run one or the other, you can use:

### Linux, MacOS AMD64
```shell
NGINX_VERSION=1.25.2 make build-and-test
```
### MacOS with Apple Silicon
```shell
NGINX_VERSION=1.25.2 ARCH=aarch64 make build-and-test
```
By default, it will launch the test on the `nginx:${NGINX_VERSION}-alpine` docker image.
If you want to use another nginx image you can use:
```shell
BASE_IMAGE=nginx:1.25.2-jammy make build-and-test
```

> #

Reviewer: leftover?

Author: It is to show an exemple on how you can specify a base_image. I replaced it with an existing image
